what does he want why has he come to
this planet Ultra Magnus is an
exceedingly powerful awful lot he seems
to stand from the same sheet of Steel is
Optimus Prime
it could be dangerous there must be a
way to use it
he may be an Autobot but he doesn't work
and play well with others what do you
mean by that he seems to have a problem
with Optimus Prime
as well as the Autobot brothers which we
might general our advantage
Megatron I think we could convince Ultra
Magnus to see things from our viewpoint
if we could talk him into fighting the
Decepticons give me the perfect ball to
help us get rid of Optimus Prime
hmm yes it's a most interesting idea and
since you thought of it you're going to
make it happen thank you sir I will not
them I'll give you one more chance you'd
better make it work if you fail me again
you can count on me sire
Ultra Magnus is just as good as here I
wouldn't start celebrating quite yet
good boy
today I get the matrix and take over
from Optimus Prime
this halter Magus thing is so uncool
believe me koji he's more than uncool
he's a complete threat to our mission
here on earth hey do you think maybe
he's as strong as Optimus Prime x-brawn
well probably they are brothers at all I
still find it a little hard to swallow
let's see if Prime is older than Magnus
then I guess it's true that little
brothers just aren't as smart as big
brothers I mean look at you
x-brawn are you nuts Oh have you know I
was first in my class for theoretical
mechanics back at school on Cybertron
and who fixed through Energon intake
last year take it easy you just
remembers that the next time you come to
me for repairs
we finally located it watch for any
suspicious moves this guy's no
lightweight
no you don't
don't shoot I'm just bringing you an
invitation from Megatron that's all
invitation huh for what there's nothing
he could invite me to that I'd want to
attend
listen closely Ultra Magnus we're all
more or less brothers under the armor
but some of us are more equal than
others our destiny our fate is to rule
the universe and we think you can help
us do it any of this interest you maybe
the biggest thing standing in our way
happens to be Optimus Prime go on we
don't like him and we know you don't
either if we work together perhaps we
can manage to get them out of our way
Master Megatron has his eye on you and
thinks there's a place for you in our
organization this is an energy-rich
planet and you'd be earning a large
share this resources it's going well
Megatron can't help but be pleased then
I can take my place at his side
everything is exactly according to plan
yes sir
wonder what the big powwow is all about
I'll tell you what he's a traitor I
could smell it all over him I don't care
who he's related to you can't trust
anyone these days so what do you think
sounds like there could be some
advantages but what if I've got
questions about all this
there will be answered all right then go
ahead and set up a meeting this Predacon
is dumb as dirt you can say I'm going
for it I'll just string him along until
I get all the information I need
Megatron was right about you you are a
bright one just come with me please
now Megatron will see that I'm the
sharpest shock and the fishtank of evil
see that they're laughing like a pair of
old friends looks like you might have a
point you sure loosen up bro sometimes
you just got to follow your intake come
on pedal to the metal let's roll
you three you out here digging up some
fate
fishface wait do not the beta of course
not you Flying Cloud you're the one who
set up this meeting the question now is
what are we gonna do we are coming along
with us pal then we're gonna have a nice
long conversation about how you and
these Predacons have so much in common
Ultra Magnus why are you here this is my
assignment maybe drop thought you might
need some help
really and truly Megatron was concerned
about my safety so he sent them don't
get an on your fuel line kid I just want
to find out where Megatron is what was
their last location they were doing
surveillance following Ultra Magnus into
the park then sector c4 Ultra Magnus do
scheduled check-ins assign team bullet
train to do an immediate search locating
diesel a train emergency proceed to
sector C for
railspike